Added sample jupyterhub config (#22)
jupyterhub/traefik-proxy: README.md

# traefik-proxy
JupyterHub proxy implementation with traefik

### How to start Jupyterhub with traefik-proxy using `jupyterhub_config.py`:

# 1. Install Jupyterhub:

```
python3 -m pip install jupyterhub
```
Please visit [Jupyterhub installation guide](https://jupyterhub.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation-guide.html) for a complete installation guide

# 2. Install traefik

Grab the latest binary for your platform from [traefik realeases page](https://github.com/containous/traefik/releases)

```
Example:
wget https://github.com/containous/traefik/releases/download/v1.7.0/traefik_linux-amd64
```
Mark the binary as executable

```
Example:
chmod 755 traefik_linux-amd64
```

> Add the traefik binary to PATH and make sure it is system-wide availabe as "traefik"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the traefik binary as `traefik`, and make sure it is on your PATH, e.g.

    mv traefik_linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/traefik
```

# 3. Install etcd

Download the latest archive for your platform from [etcd realeases page](https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/releases)

```
Example:
wget https://github.com/etcd-io/etcd/releases/download/v3.3.10/etcd-v3.3.10-linux-amd64.tar.gz
```
Extract etcd and etcdctl executables from the archive

```
Example:
tar xzvf etcd-v3.3.10-linux-amd64.tar.gz
```
Add etcd and etcdl to PATH

# 4. Start the etcd cluster

# 5. Start Jupyterhub:

```
jupyterhub --ip 127.0.0.1 --port=8000 -f ./examples/jupyterhub_config.py
```

> Visit https://localhost:8000 in your browser, and sign in using any username and password.

Reviewer: it won't be https:

```suggestion
Visit http://localhost:8000 in your browser, and sign in using any username and password.
```
